Welcome to Movie Shortens.
Follow us today to a movie titled: Elevator.
Be aware, there are spoilers!
In the opening scene, we see a rather somber
looking man making a device using a soldering
iron.
He soberly explains to someone that this could
prove fatal to anyone within a five meter
radius.
We then cut to a view of New York where we
see Mohammad looking at what looks to be a
homemade greetings card.
Panning across the city, George is getting
dressed while repeatedly reciting a joke.
Meanwhile, Maureen and Don share a kiss over
a cup of coffee in their expansive apartment.
A pregnant Celine clutches her prominent belly
lovingly in her bathroom.
Next we pan to Jane, in a nervous state sitting
in what appears to be a small, dingy bedroom,
sipping liquor from a hip flask.
At the same time, a suit-clad Martin steps
into a yellow cab.
Finally, we are introduced to Henry, a well-dressed
businessman, and his granddaughter Madeline,
who asks him if the night is going to be boring.
Arriving at the foot of a skyscraper, these
characters make their way towards an elevator.
First comes the tall, handsome but rather
impolite Don and his fiancé Maureen.
The security guard at the elevator asks them
for ID and soon recognizes Maureen as a TV
reporter.
Clearly, he’s a fan.
They are joined by one of Don’s colleagues
named Martin, who appears nervous.
He is expecting the boss of the company, who
they’ve never met, to be at the event later
that evening.
The forth arrival is George, the event’s
comedian, who declares that he is borderline
claustrophobic and so he pleads with the security
guard not to overload the lift.
He seems quite agitated and uncomfortable.
A security guard inside the lift makes a joke
about Mohammed, suggesting he is a terrorist.
Jane, who is walking with a stick, is helped
into the elevator by a guard and is soon followed
by Henry Barton and his young companion.
He is asked for ID, at which point Madeline
suggests the guard not be such an idiot.
As he looks for the ID, Don interjects telling
the security guard to check the name on the
front of the building.
Henry is, it seems, is the BIG BOSS.
Just as the doors are closing, a final member
of the party, Celine, arrives.
Despite George’s protests, she is allowed
to board.
As the lift begins to ascend, George is clearly
uneasy shifting his weight back and forth.
His eyes are fixated on the floor numbers
above.
Martin tries to reassure him, telling him
that this elevator has never broken down.
George says that would be his worst nightmare.
Madeline, intrigued asks her grandfather why
George is so concerned.
The mischievous young lady then notices the
stop button and slides back its protective
cover.
Looking directly at George, she pushes it.
The elevator comes to a halt.
George reacts angrily and aggressively but
she claims that it was only an accident.
George knows that it wasn’t but the others
don’t realize it.
With Mohammed’s advice, Henry attempts to
get the elevator moving again by pressing
a series of buttons.
However, we then learn that the brakes are
stuck.
Concerned at the lack of movement, Henry requests
help via the intercom but the assistant shows
no interest.
There seems to be no help in site.
George then begins to drink from his flask
to calm his nerves.
He argues with Madeline and Henry saying he
has been fired from his gig as a comedian
for the night’s event.
The conversation soon turns to the purpose
of Henry’s visit.
Martin asks Henry if he is about to retire
and he admits that he is.
During this conversation, Jane interjects
suggesting that Henry can because he is due
to receive a 75 million dollar payout.
She then asks George for a sip of his drink
using it to swallow some pills.
The conversation turns to her and we then
find out that her husband has passed.
She is a few minutes from collapsing to the
ground.
Don then becomes centre stage calling out
Mohammed for not being able to help.
Celine makes conversation with Don, clearly
interested to learn that he and Maureen are
engaged.
Having been instructed to tell a joke by Jane,
the rather alpha Don finishes it for him and
tells it’s an old one.
George then argues with Madeline, Martin and
Mohammed, who we find out is from Iran. and
George is Jewish.
In the next scene, Celine is desperate to
use the toilet - as a result of her pregnancy.
She uses her bag as a makeshift toilet as
others turn away.
Martin assists in sheltering her using his
jacket.
George, however, sneaks a peak then makes
an inappropriate remark.
With the attention now back on Jane, we learn
she has lost her son in Iraq.
Despite this, she and her husband had retirement
plans to buy a boat.
However, he lost a lot of money buying bonds
which rapidly lost value on account of advice
from Henry’s company and ended up killing
himself as a result.
Jane, now upset, tells Henry how he trusted
her and how unfair the situation is.
Henry reacts without emotion, telling her
life isn’t fair.
He asks her why she came.
Moving back in time, we learn that Jane was
the person in communication with the bomb
maker.
We see her collecting the device, telling
him she wants to use it to send a message.
We can now assume that this is why she came.
In the elevator Jane begins struggling for
air.
It seems like she’s having a heart attack.
Martin attempts to call for help.
While on the phone, Jane tells Celine that
she has a bomb.
Martin relays this information to the emergency
services at the other end of the call.
Jane has passed away, confirmed by the medic,
Mohammed.
This information is also transmitted to Maureen’s
news channel by phone.
Maureen then begins filming and streaming
the events using the phone.
As she does so the others argue about who
should check if there is indeed a bomb.
Celine eventually volunteers.
First she checks Jane’s bag but there is
nothing, and they all breathe a sigh of relief
at this knowledge.
They do, however, find a news clipping which
contains information about the suicide of
her husband.
Next, she checks Jane’s body.
As she runs her hands around Jane’s midriff
she announces that she’s found something.
She opens the bottom of Jane’s blouse nervously,
revealing a small metal box fastened to her
with metal cables.
The group falls silent at this revelation.
They immediately begin contemplating their
escape.
First Don forces a panel in the ceiling loose
looking for an escape hatch.
Looking through the gap he only finds lights.
Celine begins to smoke but Don stops her.
She reacts by asking him if wants to be a
good father.
Maureen, of course, overhears this and begins
interrogating Don.
We learn that he and Celine work together
and that the two of them have had an affair.
As tensions rise, George and Mohammed begin
to argue, with Mohammed grabbing George by
the scruff of the neck.
The others then step in to separate them.
On the outside the situation has made the
news.
The bomb maker sees this on TV.
He hears about the people, including the young
girl, trapped in the elevator.
He appears highly concerned.
In the next attempt to escape, led by Don,
the group tries to force the doors open.
They realize they are trapped.
Don, thinks that he might be able to reach
the buttons on the outside.
He attempts to do so using Jane’s cane.
At the same time Madeline begins rapidly pressing
buttons on the elevator’s panel.
Don eventually reaches the external buttons
as the elevator plummets down the shaft.
Don’s arm is torn off as he was unable to
pull it back inside in time.
The elevator comes to a rest in complete darkness.
In addition to Don’s injury, Henry has sustained
a laceration across his forehead, and Mohammed
leg has been injured due to Martin falling
on it.
As the lights come on, Mohammed assists Don,
using his tie as a tourniquet to stop the
bleeding from the severed limb.
The mood starts to shift as George begins
helping Henry to take a seat and Madeline
begins to accept some of the responsibility.
Elsewhere in the city, the bomb maker has
contacted a TV station and is being interviewed
while seated on his bed.
The interview is seen by the group via mobile
phone, which Martin is holding.
During the interview he explains that Jane
is a good person and that she wanted nothing
to do with the situation.
He helped her because he’d been friends
with her son.
He admits that an explosion will be deadly
and that an explosion is only about ten minutes
from happening.
The major turn of events comes when George
decides they should try opening the doors
again.
The elevator has moved, so perhaps they’ll
be able to escape.
They finally manage to pull them apart, with
help from Henry.
There isn’t enough space to escape and so
they allow the doors to close.
Unwilling to give up, George asks for help
opening them once more.
He says there might be a big enough gap allowing
them to throw the bomb down the shaft, keeping
them from danger.
There is one problem.
The bomb remains chained to Jane.
He asks if anyone has anything sharp, but
the only person able to respond is Mohammed
who hands him a tiny knife.
It will be impossible to cut through the metal
cable.
But that is not his plan.
Perhaps they can release the bomb by cutting
Jane’s flesh instead.
While Mohammed remains resistant, others agree
with the plan.
He’s unable to go through with it and instead
begs the others to help.
The only one willing to help is Henry, who,
it turns out, has experience butchering animals.
He begins by cutting into the skin near the
waist.
He soon makes it to her guts, but needs assistance
to remove her organs, so Martin and George
get on their knees helping in the bloody operation.
Unable to cut through the spine, they decide
to try to snap it.
The group will divide forces and twist the
body from either end.
During this debacle, George asks Henry to
give everyone a million dollars if they are
able to survive, Henry agrees.
Before they can complete this, the help they
had been so desperately hoping for arrives.
The doors are forced open from the outside
and the elevator is raised enough to open
up a gap big enough to climb through.
Madeline is the first out, with Martin at
the rear.
When it comes his turn, he realizes he is
too big and that the explosion is imminent.
The now, humane George pleads with those around
him to help.
Unperturbed, the support team tells him they’ll
lower the lift to another floor.
The doors close and Martin finds himself alone,
with the remains of Jane and the impending
bomb.
Though distraught, he gathers himself muttering
“I guess I’m the hero”.
Seconds later, as the elevator descends, the
bomb explodes.
Now outside the evacuated building, we see
George and Mohammed sitting down looking rather
forlorn and understandably shellshocked.
As Henry walks by George reminds him about
the deal they’d struck in the lift, but
isn’t acknowledged.
Suddenly George’s phone rings and an irritated
voice is on the other end.
It is his partner reminding him that he needs
to buy some toilet paper on the way home.
She is clearly oblivious to the events that
have just unfolded.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notifications.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!